what's up guys it's like you here and
today I had some math sessions with you
guys again I'm gonna be doing this all
throughout this month on my PSN for ps3
if you've got a ps3 I can give you
colors no problem if you subscribe to my
channel I am happy to give you whatever
colors you want this color was created
today by me as an experimental accident
I'm still unsure what I've named it but
I'm gonna be thinking about it and it
will probably have a name by the time I
actually put it up but also I was
wondering if you guys want me to start
doing some motorbike colours because
also you'll see at the end of the video
I'm gonna be posting something new
something and yeah it's just a motorbike
color - modded color these colors can
only be done on PC if you don't have a
PC and you have a ps3 I can do the
colours for you in my Lobby no problem
but at the moment
hopefully they'll release an update in
the future but let me know even if you
want me to do some LSC color
combinations for certain motorbikes I'm
more than happy to do that I was always
interested in doing that and I'm sure
they're gonna look sick because this
color was an accident as well when I was
just about to jump off line and it looks
absolutely amazing
I didn't know that bikes could hold that
much gradient but wow just looks sick
we're nearly at eight thousand subs guys
as well so thank you guys so much for
the support and just spreading the word
let's grow it even more it's always good
fun I like to engage with every one of
you on my Twitter on my Instagram that
I've started it's all good I value all
of your opinions you guys really
positive like I always say and I really
appreciate it it really helps me and
yeah so if you're if you are new and
you've just started checking out my
videos if your friends said something
please consider liking and subscribing
it really helps my channel out to grow
it it's still a very small channel and I
really want to push it to give everyone
in the GTA community some more seek
modded colors for cars because it's huge
and it looks awesome peace and love guys
I'll see you guys tomorrow for yeah
tomorrow's lovely if you missed it today
don't worry jump on tomorrow or the day
after all the details are on my Twitter
or in the description
peace and love guys